[synthetics] Document required privileges (#2784)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-feature-roles.asciidoc

Typically you need the create the following separate roles:

* <<synthetics-setup-privileges,Setup role>> for enabling Monitor Management.
* <<synthetics-write-privileges,Writer role>>  for creating, modifying, and deleting monitors.
* <<synthetics-read-privileges,Reader role>> for {kib} users who need to view and
create visualizations that access Synthetics data.

{es-security-features} provides {ref}/built-in-roles.html[built-in roles] that grant a
subset of the privileges needed by Synthetics users.
When possible, assign users the built-in roles to minimize the affect of future changes on your security strategy.
If no built-in role is available, you can assign users the privileges needed to accomplish a specific task.

In general, these are types of privileges you'll work with:

* **{es} cluster privileges**: Manage the actions a user can perform against your cluster.
* **{es} index privileges**: Control access to the data in specific indices your cluster.
// * **{kib} space privileges**: Grant users write or read access to features and apps within {kib}.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-setup-privileges]]
= Setup role

> Administrators who set up Synthetics typically need to enable Monitor Management.

Reviewer: I wonder if there's a way to give them more context about what setup means. Not sure if we have another doc with a screenshot of the setup flow.

Author: Good idea! We mention this setup step in the "get started" guides, but a screenshot would probably be helpful, too.

| Permits auto-creation of indices and data streams.

|====

[discrete]
[[synthetics-write-privileges]]
=  Writer role

IMPORTANT: To minimize the privileges required by the writer role, use the
<<synthetics-setup-privileges,setup role>> to enable Monitor Management.
This section assumes another user has already enabled Monitor Management.

. Start with the `editor` {ref}/built-in-roles.html[built-in role].
This role grants full access to all features in {kib} (including the {observability} solution)
and read-only access to data indices.

. _If the user should have permission to create, modify, and delete project monitors_,
they will need an API key that can be used to `push` monitors.
To create API keys, the user will also need _at least one_ of the following privileges in addition to the
privileges included in the `editor` built-in role:
+
[options="header"]
|====
|Type | Privilege | Purpose

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `manage_own_api_key`
| TBD

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `manage_security`
| TBD

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `manage_api_key`

> | TBD

Reviewer: Did you need feedback from me on the TBD, or will this be more of a general description of the permission?

Author: Ah! Yes. Do you think it's helpful to have a brief description for these? I can attempt a generic description based on the Elasticsearch docs if you don't have suggestions!

Author: See https://github.com/elastic/observability-docs/pull/2784#pullrequestreview-1357077886 below.

. Start with the `editor` {ref}/built-in-roles.html[built-in role].
This role grants full access to all features in {kib} (including the {observability} solution)
and read-only access to data indices.
. Grant the role the following additional privileges, which are required to enable Monitor Management:
+
[options="header"]
|====
| Type | Privilege | Purpose

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `monitor`
| Allows the user to retrieve cluster details.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `read_ilm`
| Allows the user access to all read-only index lifecycle management operations.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `read_pipeline`
| Gives the user read-only access to the ingest pipline.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-indices[Index]
| `synthetics-*`: `view_index_metadata`
| Gives the user read-only access to index and data stream metadata.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-indices[Index]
| `synthetics-*`: `create_doc`
| Allows the user to index documents.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-indices[Index]
| `synthetics-*`: `auto_configure`

> | Permits auto-creation of indices and data streams.

Reviewer: After testing, I realized this is missing api key privileges. 
```suggestion
| Permits auto-creation of indices and data streams.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `manage_security`
| Allows access to all security-related operations such as CRUD operations on users and roles and cache clearing.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `manage_api_key`
| Allows access to all security-related operations on {es} API keys.
```

|====

[discrete]
[[synthetics-write-privileges]]
=  Writer role

IMPORTANT: To minimize the privileges required by the writer role, use the
<<synthetics-setup-privileges,setup role>> to enable Monitor Management.
This section assumes another user has already enabled Monitor Management.

Create a *writer role*, called something like `synthetics_writer`:

. Start with the `editor` {ref}/built-in-roles.html[built-in role].
This role grants full access to all features in {kib} (including the {observability} solution)
and read-only access to data indices.

. _If the user should have permission to create, modify, and delete project monitors_,
they will need an API key that can be used to `push` monitors.
To create API keys, the user will also need _at least one_ of the following privileges in addition to the
privileges included in the `editor` built-in role:
+
[options="header"]
|====

> |Type | Privilege | Purpose
> 
> | {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
> | `manage_own_api_key`
> | TBD
> 
> | {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
> | `manage_security`
> | TBD
> 
> | {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
> | `manage_api_key`
> | TBD

Author: Feel free to suggest alternatives! 

```suggestion
|Type | Privilege | Purpose

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `manage_own_api_key`
| Allows access to all security-related operations on {es} API keys that are owned by the current authenticated user.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `manage_security`
| Allows access to all security-related operations such as CRUD operations on users and roles and cache clearing.

| {ref}/security-privileges.html#privileges-list-cluster[Cluster]
| `manage_api_key`
| Allows access to all security-related operations on {es} API keys.
```

Reviewer: LGTM!
